who was king of england when oliver cromwell was a teenager??who was the president of us when billy graham was bornwho was president of the us when peter crill was a teenagerwho was us president when uma aaltonen was a teenagerwho was us president when ingvar bakken was a teenagerwho was governor of minnesota when ankahee was releasedwho was us president when alfred lyttelton was a teenagerwho was the prime minister of canada when pierre trudeau was a teenagerwhich american proposed a plan for after world war 1 called the fourteen points?who was us president when lakshman kadirgamar was a teenagerwho was the president of us when ezra taft benson was bornwho was us president when traicho kostov was a teenagerwho was president of the us when susantha de fonseka was a teenagerwho won best director when callie khouri won best original screenplay?who was the president of the philippines when ezra taft benson was bornwho was governor of oregon when shanghai noon was releasedwhat future soviet dictator was in training to be a preist when he was turned on by marxism?who was us president when todd chretien was a teenagerwho was us president when john seaton robinson was a teenagerwho was us president when krim belkacem was a teenagerwho was us president when dietrich klagges was a teenagerwho was the us president when gamal nasser was bornwho was president of the us when barber conable was a teenagerwho was us president when chris foote wood was a teenagerwho was us president when oliver ernest goonetilleke was a teenagerwho developed december when there is no angel?who was the president of us when franklin graham was bornwho was us president when franz hayler was a teenagerwho was us president when billy kelleher was a teenagerwho was us president when john andrew shulze was a teenagerwhat president was after andrew johnson?who was king during shakespearean time?who was the leader of great britain during the ww2?what type of government did the french have after the revolution?what type of government was france after the french revolution?who was the fascist leader of germany during world war 2?who was president before van buren?what was chester arthur job before president?what was the tallest mountain before mt everest?who was the king of ancient troy during the trojan war?what is bill clinton remembered for before his presidency?who was the king of england during colonial years?what three countries were the major allied powers during wwii?which team did johnny damon play on before the new york yankees?who was the prime minister of italy during ww2?who was the leader of britain during ww1 and ww11?who was the british prime minister during the french revolution?who was king of troy during the trojan war?what was the population of uk during the black death?who was ruling franc during the revolution?what type of government was after the french revolution?what was bill clinton career before presidency?who did luis suarez play for before liverpool?who was prime minister of italy during world war 2?who is the president before martin van buren?which countries were allied power during ww2?who was king during shakespears time?what was chester arthur's occupation before president?who was the king during shakspeare time?who was president of the us during the revolutionary war?who was the leader of the north vietnamese during the bulk of the vietnam war?what happened to control of russia after the death of lenin?who was the president of the us during vietnam war?who was before van buren?who did john quincy adams run against while president?which us president served during the great depression and wwii?who was the king of troy during trojan war?who was mariah carey married to after tommy matola?where did george washington lived before being president?where did george washington live before his presidency?where did george washington live before he was a president?where did washington live before he was elected president?what battles was england in during world war 2?the countries that germany occupied during world war 2?what are 4 countries germany occupied during world war 2?which countries which were occupied by germany during war world ii?what was the capital city of britain before london?who was in charge of britain during the battle of britain?who was the leader of britain during the battle of britain?who was the confederate commander during the battle of fort sumter?who was the confederate officer at the battle of fort sumter?who took control of russia after the death of vi lenin?what countries occupied west germany after world war 2?who was the german fascist leader during world war 2?what man was the leader of germany during ww2?who was the fascist german leader during world war 2?fascist leader of germany in world war 2?who was the monarch before elizabeth 2?who is the monarch of united kingdom before elizabeth ii?who was king of england before elizabeth ii?who was the ruler before elizabeth ii?who ruled great britain before elizabeth ii?who the monarch before elizabeth ii?who was the us president after andrew johnson?who won the position of president following andrew johnson?who was the american general in the pacific during world war ii?what team did daniel carter play for before all blacks?who ruled before king louis xiv of france?who was ruling french during french revolution?who was the british prime minister during the battle of britain?british prime minister during battle of britain?who were the leader in britain during ww2?who is the oldest football player in nfl?what was germany's government during world war 2?what did bill clinton accomplish before his presidency?what is the name of the american naval leader during world war 2?name of american naval leader during world war ii?american naval leader during the world war 2?who was the leader of north vietnam during the vietnam war?during the vietnam war who was the leader of north vietnam ?what is the name of the north vietnam leader during the vietnam war?who was the leader of the north during the vietnam war?eader of the north vietnam during vietnam war?what did chester arthur do before he was president?what was chester arthur's job before president?what was chester a arthur's occupation before he was elected president?what did president chester arthur do before coming president?what was chester alan arthur profession before he was president?what was chester alan arthur before he was a president?who was the french leader in exile during world war 2?who was the french leader during the world war 2?what were the french leaders during world war 2?what prime minister led england during world war 2?name the other religion which observes fasts during certain festivals?what was the capital city of ancient greece?who was the britain's leader during ww1?who ran britain during ww1?who was the leader of britain during world war one?who was italy's prime minister during world war 2?who was prime minister of italy in world war 2?who was the prime minister of italy in ww2?who was the king in shakespearean times?who was the king during shakespeare time?who led the us during the great depression?what was the leader of the us during the great depression?who led the us during the depression?which states were occupied by germany during world war?who was the president during the battle of antietam?who was president during the battle of antietam?who was the us president at the time of the battle of antietam?what type of government was in place at the end of the french revolution?what type of government existed after the french revolution?what type of government did france end up with after napoleon and the french revolution?who was the king of troy durig the trojan wars?who was king of troy during the trojan wars?what is the king of troy during the trojan war?who was the us president during the war of vietnam?who was secretary of state under bush 41 during the war?who became president after jfk's assignation?who was president after jfk was shot?who became president when jfk was assisnated?who became president when jfk was shot?who became president when jfk was killed?who was lincoln's secretary of state during his assassination?how many times did neil armstrong go into space?where did miley cyrus grow up when little?what leaders were in charge during the battle of britain?what novel did john steinbeck write after the dust bowl?what are the three big allied powers during ww2?which country was us's enemies during world world 2?which countries were the enemies of usa during world war?which countries were us enemies during ww2?who fought for control after lenins death?who was president before martin van?what team does luis suarez play for before he came to liverpool?what team did luis suarez play for before livrpool?who was the past monarch before queen elizabeth?whose side was australia on during the korean war?who did lucille ball marry after her divorce with desi?who did lucille ball marry after her divorce?who did lucille ball marry after desi arnaz?who did lucille get married to after desi?what was bill clinton before presidency?who was the us president during the revolutionary war?what american president was in the office during the revolutionary war?which us president during the revolutionary war against the british?what president was office during revolutionary war?who was president of the us during revolutionary war?what was the type of government after the french revolution?who was the pharaoh before and after khafre?who were the kings during circa time?what was the south korean's capitol during the korean war?who helps out south korea during the korean war?which team had won the most champions league after real madrid?who did chris perez remarry after selenas death?who was the us president during the vietnam cease-fire?who did germany occupy during world war 2?what countries did germany occupy in world war 2?who rules france after king louis xiv?who was the british prime minister during french revolution?who was the english prime minister during the french revolution?who was english prime minister during the french revolution?prime minister of britian during the french revolution?what was the highest mountain before mt everest?which mountain was the highest before mt everest?what was the largest mountain before mt everest was discovered?what is the tallest mountain before everest?who was the prime minister of britain during its battle with germany?who led the american nation during the great depression?who did george hw bush go against during his election?