what is the name of dawn french's first novel?which kennedy died first?what is the name of the first harry potter novel?what is the first book sherlock holmes appeared in?who was peter parker's first girlfriend?what team did shaq play for first?what is the name of the first prophet of islam?who did elton john marry first?who was the first russian president?who played dumbledore in the first movie?what was the first name of the washington redskins?who was the first leader of the afl?what is the very first harry potter book?what was the first newspaper called in australia?what was the title of the first book dr. seuss wrote?what was manchester united first name?what was omar epps first movie?who was johnny cash's first wife?who was killed first tupac or biggie?what was walt disney's first cartoon called?who started the first persian gulf war?what movie did tom hanks won his first oscar?who was michael jackson first girlfriend?who was the first jedi master?who was the first wife of prophet muhammad?which english team won the champions league first?who was kim kardashian's first husband?who was the first actor to play edward quartermaine?what team did kobe bryant play for first?which legend of zelda game is the first?where was the first ford motor company located?who was the leader of the first communist party of china?what was the first language spoken in spain?which dawkins book to read first?who was the first dictator of the soviet union?where was the first microsoft headquarters located?who is amy grant's first husband?what was wayne gretzky's first team?who did australia fight in the first world war?what country did germany invade first in ww1?who was the first governor of colonial south carolina?what was lil wayne's first hit song?what was van halen first album?what was the first book charles dickens wrote?who was the first president of the afl?where was the first gulf war fought?who did shaq first play for?who played darth vader in the first movie?who did jackie robinson first play for?what was pink floyd's first album?which country launched the first satellite into space?what was the first real satellite launched into space?what was the first space shuttle to fly into space?what country sent the first monkey into space?when did the first man fly into space?what was the first soviet satellite launched into space?what was the first dog to go into space?what country has the oldest university in the world?which country launched the first satellite sputink1 into space?what is the oldest city in australia?when is barack obama's oldest daughter's birthday?what is obama oldest kid name?who was the first american to enter into space?what was the first soviet spaceship launched into space?what is australia's fourth oldest city?which is the oldest university of europe?what was the fist dog to go in space?which dog was the first to go into space?what was the first dog to go into space called?who the first russian to go into space?who launched the first artificial satellite into space?who did bill clinton ran against for second term?who sent the first monkey into space?which country was the first to send a monkey to space?what country put the first monkey into space?what country sends the 1st monkey to space?what was the third book in twilight series called?what is the book called after new moon in the twilight series?what is the third book of twilight called?what is the 3rd book called in the twilight series?what is the third book called in the twilight series?he led china in the second japanese war?oldest football player in the nfl?what was the first russian dog in space called?who is john cena's oldest brother?who were the former prime ministers of canada?what is first satellite to orbit the earth launched into space by the russians?who is the oldest micheal jackson?who was the first man to walk on earth after god?who was the 1st man to walk on earth?who was the first man to walk on the earth?when was sputnik first launched into space?what is will smiths oldest son real age?what is obama's oldest child's name?who is obama's oldest kid?when is will smith's oldest son's birthday?what president of the usa first called veterans day a holiday?who was the first man to fly into space?where is the oldest nfl domed stadium?what is the oldest nfl domed stadium?who was the first american female into space?who was the first female american astronaut in space?who was the first american female to fly in space?who was the first american female to be an astronaut in space?what kind of animal name ham did the us first sent into space?who is the oldest of micheal jacksons siblings?what is the oldest country in europe?what was mlk oldest son name?what was olivia newton-johns oldest movie?who was the first american female astronaut to travel in space?who was the first american female who travelled into space?what was the first satellite launched into space by the soviet?which country does the oldest university located?who became the first american person to go to outer space?who became the first american in outer space?who became the first american to get into outer space?who is the oldest actor actress that is still alive?what was the first sputnik satellite launched into space?who was zeus's oldest sister?who was zeus' eldest sister?oldest sister of zeus?the oldest sister of zeus and goddess of hearth?who is zeus oldest sister?when was the first us chimp sent into space?what was the name of the first soviet satellite which was launched into space?what was the first soviet union satellite launched into space?what age is obama's oldest child?who is the oldest jackson brother and the youngest jackson brother?who is micheal jacksons oldest kids?who is zeus's oldest sister?what is michael jackson's oldest son name?what year did apollo 11 first land on the moon?what year did apollo 11's first astronauts land on the moon?what year the apollo 11 arrived for the first time into the moon?what was the first dog in space called and when did it go into space?what year was the first satellite sputnik 1 launched into orbit around the earth?the first black president of mexico?who is queens elizabeth's the 2nd mother?what was rick riordan's first book he wrote?what was rick riordan's first book written?what was the first book rick riordan wrote?what is rick riordans first kids book?who was the first person born in india?who was the first african american to win a nobel prize?who is jacob and leah's second son?what was the title of bob dylans first album?what was bob dylans first album?what was bob dylan's first album called?what was nicki minaj's first album?what was nicki minaj 1st album?what is nicki minaj's first album?what was the date of the very first super bowl?when was the very first super bowl?what was zimbabwe's first president?who is first president of zimbabwe?when did judy garland first marry?what was judy garlands first husband?who was the first husband of judy garland?who was judy garlands first married to?who was judy garland's first man?dolly parton's first album?thomas edisons first wife?who the one first to be thomas edison wife?who was thomas edisons first wife?who was the first wife of thomas edison?who was the first president born in massachusetts?who was the first us president from the republican party?which was the first american president who belongs to the republican party?which president of the us was first to belong to the republican party?what was michela jacksons first album as a adult?in which state of america was former first lady bird johnson born?when did neil armstrong marry his first wife?when was the first action film made?what year did elvis recored his first song?what year did elvis make his first song?in which year did elvis record his first song?who was the first president to serve 2 consecutive terms?who was the first president who signed a charter to establish gallaudet college?when did dolly parton realese release her first album?who was the wife of the us's 2nd president?who was the 2nd us presidents wife?who was the wife of the 2nd president of usa?who was the 2nd president's wife of the us?what was the 2nd american president's wife name?who were the first american people to land on the moon?where was kanye west first performance?what was madonna's first ever single?what was madonna's first number 1 single?what was mia hamm's 1st husbands name?when was benjamin franklin married first?when did ben franklin get married for the first time?what was the name of neyo first album?what was christina aguilera first song?what was the first ever song of chritina aguilera?what was the first song christina aguilera wrote?what age did henrys first wife die at?who was born first in the jackson 5 family?who was born first in the jackson brothers?what was the first song rihanna sing?what year was chocolate discovered in?