when did hitler take over holland?what years did truman served in office?what years harry truman was in office?what year was truman sworn into office?what year was harry truman sworn into office?what year does fidel castro take control of cuba?what year did fidel castro come into power of cuba?when did fidel castro become the ruler of cuba?what day did casablanca come into theatres?what date did casablanca come out?when did casablanca come out?what year did casablanca release?when was casablanca released?when did lyndon johnson go into office?when did the dolphins win superbowl?when miami dolphins won superbowl?what battles did america fight in during world war 2?at what age did john steinbeck jr die?when did rihanna start sing?when was the pharaoh king khafre born and when did he die?when was khafre born and die?when did prince albert die and when was the albert hall built?when did desi aranz die?what date did desi arnaz die?what is the date of death of desi arnaz?when did argentina win the soccer world cup championships?when did argentina win the fifa world cup?what age margot frank died?which year did japan join the united nation?when japan join the united nations?on what date did japan join the united nations?when japan went into the united nations?when was president chester a arthur born and when did he die?when chester a arthur was born and when he died?when was chester a. arthur born and when did he die?when was hitlers power started and when did it end?when allama iqbal was born n died?when illama iqbal was born and when he died?when did allama iqbal born and died?in what year did louis braille die?when was william l potts born and when did he die?what year did andrew jackson die?andrew jackson died in what year?when was karl benz born and when did she die?what was the date of when brazil was found?when was brazil found?when was the norse god odin born and when was his death?when did charles darwin die and born?when did charles darwin die and when was he born?when was charles darwin alive and when did he die?what was the year when princess diana died?in which year princess diana died in an accident?when was georges bizet born and when did he die?when was andy goldsworthy born and when did he die?when was crispus attucks alive and when did he die?when did alexander graham bell die?what age did alex graham bell die?what age did the inventor alexander graham bell die?when was johnny campbell and when did he die?at what age did van gogh live until he died?what age did alexander graham ball die at?when chester a. arthur born and when did he die?when was charles darwin born and when did he die?when did neil armsrtongs first step on the moon?how many years did woodrow wilson serve as president?at what time barack obama become us president?how many years has joe biden served for delaware as senator?when did the 2002 world cup take place?when does the spring start in the state of alabama?how many years has obama been married to michelle?how many years did abraham lincoln run for president?what year did marie antoinette get married?what day was titanium discovered?when did richard iii die?what years did cale yarborough win winston cup championships?when was george herroson born?what day did princess diana marry prince charles?when was pleasant rowland born?when did edgar allen poe go to high school?when it kevin rudolf's birthday?when did molly pitcher get married to john hayes?what year did hitler rule germany?when iverson start playing basketball?what year was michale jackson born in?when did us drop a bomb on hiroshima to end wwii?when did katy perrys song firework come out?when did jackie onassis and john f kennedy get married?what year was earnest rutherford born?when did roberto clemente die?when did luker king die?when is eric j berg birthday?when did trenton become new jerseys capital city?when was rosa parks mum born?when was serbia its own country?when did english become an official language in india?when did ireland become an independent country?when was john cabot's sons born?when did george h bush mom and dad die?when did george washington win the battle of trenton?when justin bieber is birthday?when did lil boosie father die?what year did honolulu become the capitol of hawaii?when did luois braille die?what time was ashley tisdale born?when did william web ellis die?when is a-rod coming back on the yankees?when did lil boosie father died?what year was george w bush born?when did hower carter die?what year did casablanca come out in theatres?when did kristen stewart and robert pattinson start dating?when did john pope xxiii die?when did marco polo date of death?what year did pomp son of sacagawea die?what year did lady jane grey get the throne?what year was mark zuckerberg in college?when did hitlers brother die?when does the movie marley and you come out?when was juilian opie born?when did hernando de soto die and how?when did london become the capital of the uk?what year did hannah montana come to tv?when did michael jackson perform with his sister janet jackson?when did alexander die?when is the birthday of albie carl casino?what year did thomas jefferson go to elementary school?when did philippines become a member of the united nations?what year did washington win the battle of trenton?when did fiji get its independence?when did trenton become new jerseys state capital?in what year was robert burns born?when was anne of cleves married and dead?when did the pittsburg pirates offer roberto clemente a contract?when did undertaker married with mc macool?when did tamela mann marry david mann?what year did lenin lead the soviet union?when did john muir wife die?when did helen herron die?when did jon and kate get a divorce?when was sebastian cabot born?when did yandel marry edneris?when did david pezler mother die?what year was michael irvin drafted?when is eric the reds birthday?when did the us drop the atomic bomb on hiroshima and nagasaki?when an atom loses one or more of its electrons this atom becomes an?when bill clinton married hillary clinton?when did catherine howard die?what year did paul revere's wife rachel walker die?when did brittany spears have her baby?what year did abraham lincoln die in?when ddi francis marion die?when is the birthdate of queen ellizabath 2?when thomas edison 2 wife die?when is justin biebers birthday?when did leonard bernstein die?when carl larsson died?what year did mia hamm start play soccer?what years did mickey mantle play for the yankees?what years was franklin d roosevelt a president?when did coretta scott king start school?when did gertrude die?when did penelope cruz win an oscar?when did the book room one a mystery or two by andrew clements come out?what year did hitler become the chancellor?when did elizabeth ashley die?when did thomas jefferson's kids die?what year did albert einstein die?when did martin receive a doctoral degree?when did diana marry prince charles?what year did abarham lincoln die?when was william henry herizon died?when did george washington born?when did bing crosby die?when was the satellite sputnik one launched?when is homers birthday?when did frederick douglas' mom die?when did pope john xx111 die?what year was the movie sweet home alabama made?what day did abe die in?when is voldemort's birthday?what day was the battle of thermopylae?when did the english civil war break out?when did thomas jefferson sign the declaration of independence?when did emperor claudias invade britain?what year did don meredith begin from dallas cowboys?when did the song mamma mia come out?what year did tom brady graduate from michigan and what was his draft number?when did rube goldberg get married?when did albert einstein die and where?when did lady jane grey marry guildford dudley?what years did einstien be born and die?when is the feast day of saint elizabeth?what year did canada join nato?when was jane seymour died?what year did miley cyrus go to the chicken little premiere?what years did william h taft go to college?what year was barack obama elected president in?when has real madrid won the uefa cup?what year albert einstein died?